Feature/hstu (#290)
MobileTeleSystems/RecTools: README.md

The table below lists recommender models that are available in RecTools.  
See [recommender baselines extended tutorial](https://github.com/MobileTeleSystems/RecTools/blob/main/examples/tutorials/baselines_extended_tutorial.ipynb) for deep dive into theory & practice of our supported models.

| Model               | Type | Description (🎏 for user/item features, 🔆 for warm inference, ❄️ for cold inference support)                                                                               | Tutorials & Benchmarks |
|---------------------|----|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|

> | HSTU                | Neural Network | `rectools.models.HSTUModel` - Sequential model with unidirectional attention mechanism  and "Shifted Sequence" training objective <br>🎏                                    | 📕 [Transformers Theory & Practice](examples/tutorials/transformers_tutorial.ipynb)<br>  📗 [Guide](examples/tutorials/transformer_HSTU_tutorial.ipynb) <br>  📘 [Customization guide](examples/tutorials/transformers_customization_guide.ipynb) <br> 🚀 [Top performance on public benchmarks](https://github.com/blondered/bert4rec_repro?tab=readme-ov-file#rectools-transformers-benchmark-results) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HSTU                | Neural Network | `rectools.models.HSTUModel` - Sequential model with unidirectional pointwise aggregated attention mechanism, incorporating relative attention bias from positional and temporal information, introduced in ["Actions speak louder then words..."](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2402.17152), combined with "Shifted Sequence" training objective as in original public benchmarks<br>🎏                                    | 📓 [HSTU Theory & Practice](examples/tutorials/transformer_HSTU_tutorial.ipynb) <br>  📕 [Transformers Theory & Practice](examples/tutorials/transformers_tutorial.ipynb)<br>  📗 [Advanced training guide](examples/tutorials/transformers_advanced_training_guide.ipynb) <br> 🚀 [100% reproduces original public benchmark results](examples/tutorials/transformer_HSTU_tutorial.ipynb)
```

Author: fix

> | HSTU                | Neural Network | `rectools.models.HSTUModel` - Sequential model with unidirectional pointwise aggregated attention mechanism, incorporating relative attention bias from positional and temporal information, introduced in ["Actions speak louder then words..."](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2402.17152), combined with "Shifted Sequence" training objective as in original public benchmarks<br>🎏                                    | 📓 [HSTU Theory & Practice](examples/tutorials/transformer_HSTU_tutorial.ipynb) <br>  📕 [Transformers Theory & Practice](examples/tutorials/transformers_tutorial.ipynb)<br>  📗 [Advanced training guide](examples/tutorials/transformers_advanced_training_guide.ipynb) <br> 🚀 [100% reproduces original public benchmark results](examples/tutorials/transformer_HSTU_tutorial.ipynb)

Reviewer: broken link to hstu tutorial

- [Grigoriy Gusarov](https://github.com/Gooogr)
- [Aki Ariga](https://github.com/chezou)
- [Nikolay Undalov](https://github.com/nsundalov)

> - [Aleksey Kuizn](https://github.com/teodor-r)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Aleksey Kuzin](https://github.com/teodor-r)
```
